Add example of using web routing settings in code (#5201)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/webroutingsettings.md

}
```

## Using the webrouting options in code

> You can get the config values in code like thise:

Reviewer: A suggestion to update the wording a bit here, to make a little more clear what's going on.

```suggestion
The following is an example of you can use code to get the value for the `UmbracoApplicationUrl` configuration key:
```

Reviewer: good catch @jemayn ! 😄 I've updated it now 💪
